# Debanjan_CV
Debanjan Konar (Senior Member, IEEE) received the Bachelor of Engineering degree in CSE from the University of Burdwan, India, in 2010, the M.Tech. degree in CSE from the National Institute of Technical Teachers’ Training and Research (NITTTR), Kolkata, India, in 2012, and the Ph.D. degree from the Department of Electrical Engineering, Indian Institute of Technology Delhi, New Delhi, India, in 2021. He is currently working as a Postdoctoral Researcher with the Center for Advanced Systems Understanding (CASUS), Helmholtz-Zentrum Dresden-Rossendorf (HZDR), Germany. Prior to this, he has worked as an Assistant Professor with the Department of Computer Science and Engineering, SRM University—AP, Andhra Pradesh, India, and also worked as a Research Assistant Professor with the Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology, Sikkim, India. His research interests include quantum machine learning, quantum-inspired neural networks, deep learning, and medical image analysis. He has published several articles, including the top-notch journals in computer science, such as IEEE Transactions on Neural Networks and Learning Systems, Applied Soft Computing-Elsevier, IEEE Access, Springer Journals, conference proceedings, book chapters, and edited books of international repute. He is a Senior Member of IEEE, member of ACM and IE, and a reviewer of several esteemed journals and international conferences. Recently, Dr. Konar has won the prestigious Fulbright Postdoctoral fellowship from the field of Computer Science to pursue postdoc at Purdue University, USA in 2023. 
